## Week Nine
#### What's New?
This week is week nine of my independent project so all week I have been going over how I will possible be able to inform my peers on eveerything I have learned in under 5 minutes. So I decided to talk about why I picked this topic in the first place. I picked Shell Scripting because after entering the program late and having to catch up to the rest of the class. After really pushing through ruby I decided for my final project I would try something that would be something I was very sure I would be able to takle. The last two days I have been preparing my presention so when I step infornt of my peers it would be easier for me to remember what to go over. I also asked my mother for help so she can tell me if the information I was giving was understandable for a person who do not use technology oftenly. Doing this helped me realize that there were certain parts of my explinations that I needed to break down more, if I wanted someone with zero experience with coding to understand. This sort of forced me to think for each explanation if this was my first time reading something envolving code would I understand it.

#### Take Aways
For the past nine weeks I feel that the biggest thing I should take away with my experience on independent study is to One make a plan, Two determine what can be used to create a foundation, Three be comfortable with improvisation because something will go wrong with the plan and being able to know what needs to be done after the plan goes wrong is important. I also learned that asking for help is one of the most effective ways to help yourself fix easy problems your eyes might have just over looked.
